{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 
Body Text;}}{\info{\title EH Industries / AugustaWestland EH-101 Transport Helicopter}{\author Rex McDonald}{\operator Rex McDonald}{\creatim\yr2005\mo12\dy3\hr13\min57}{\revtim\yr2006\mo9\dy24\hr1\min39}{\version7}{\edmins6}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords361}
{\nofchars2058}{\*\company Personal Use}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale150\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20 US Coast Guard NSC \lquote National Security Cutter\rquote 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs20 Thank you for purchasing this model.  If you have any questions or problems, please contact me at:
\par 
\par Rex McDonald
\par PerspectX
\par rex@perspectx.com
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs20 This is a medium polygon, high detail model of the US Coast Guard NSC \lquote National Security Cutter\rquote .  It includes pivoted, parented components, high resolution texture maps.  You can download texture source files to allow easy modifi
cation of the enumeration or texture style of the model.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 
\par Statistics}{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b Geometry: Polygonal
\par Objects: 246
\par Polygons: 115421
\par Vertices: 123157
\par Textures: Yes
\par Materials: Yes
\par Jointed: No
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b Animated: No
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 Texturing Notes
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 The entire model is polygonal, with UV texturing set up for orthogonal (side view) texturing.  You can easily modify and save alternative textures if you have Adobe Photoshop.  All color maps are in .jpg
 format, but the two main orthogonal views are saved as a single .psd files for you to modify markings or colors.  Please also note the Profile .jpg file, which is useful in aligning your markings with the UV mappings.  Layers marked with \lquote X
\rquote  are those you need to flip horizontally when switching from left to right texture views.  Those with \lquote L\rquote  should be visible on left view, \lquote R\rquote  on right view.
\par 
\par To download the original textures, look at the purchaser's download area where you purchased this model, or feel free to contact me.}{\b\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par Animation Notes
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 Most parts are pivoted for animation about the appropriate axises.  For landing gear, you may need to re-pivot and install IK
 as needed.  It is difficult to get the rear gear to fit under the fuselage, but it can be done.  Three pivots are needed, and the rear wheel needs to rotate.}{\b\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par Copyright Notice
\par 
\par Purchaser's Rights}{\f1\fs20  - You have the right to include this asset in your own prod
uctions, which produced and/or sold for their own merit.  You have the right to distribute the likeness of this model in 2 dimensional formats including images and video.  You have the right to distribute this asset in 3D multimedia production or software
 if the asset cannot be extracted and re-used or distributed by an end user.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 
\par Seller's Rights - }{\f1\fs20 PerspectX, inc. owns the copyright for this product, and reserves the right to sell and distribute this product.  Every asset is either the artistic invention of
 PerspectX, inc., or has been commissioned by PerspectX, inc. providing PerspectX, inc. with legal copyright ownership.
\par }}